You also don't want your company's affairs
Broken by the bag
In addition, the selection of the top ten golden songs awards in the Chinese music scene
I still said it
IF
You don't want your show to lose its popularity all the time
You'd better manage yourself mentally
What happened to Mr. Chu today
Sorry.
Just say sorry
Mr. Chen operates in the dark
Maliciously suppress players
Once this matter is exposed
Your company
And those stars under your banner
What are the consequences?
Do you feel it clearly?
apologize
Mr. Chu
Sorry I said
You can't control the stage
Mr. Zhou, you really
Maybe I don't want something like yours to happen again.
The masked singer will be in the finals of the Rising Stars
Officially announced broadcast
You should be well aware of the importance of this game
Masked singer
We all know that.
The masked singer has always been in the image of a mask
Pay this time
We have officially solicited his own revolution
There will be a meeting of the singing gods
At that time, the singer will officially take off his mask
In true colors